[tizen_app_manager] Add tizen_app_manager package (#325)
flutter-tizen/plugins: packages/tizen_app_manager/README.md

## Usage

To use this package, add `tizen_app_manager` as a dependency in your `pubspec.yaml` file.

```yaml
dependencies:
  tizen_app_manager: ^0.1.0
```

### Retrieving current app info

To retrieve information of the current app, get app ID with `currentAppId` and then get `AppInfo` with `getAppInfo` method.

```dart
var appId = await AppManager.currentAppId;
var appInfo = await AppManager.getAppInfo(appId);
```

### Retrieving all apps info

To retrieve information of all apps installed on a Tizen device, use `getInstalledApps` method.

```dart
var apps = await AppManager.getInstalledApps();
for (var app in apps) {
  // Handle each app's info.
}
```

### Getting app running context

To get specific app running context, create `AppRunningContext` instance.

```dart
var appId = await AppManager.currentAppId;
var appContext = AppRunningContext(appId: appId);
```

### Monitoring app events

You can listen for app state change by subscribing to the stream.

```dart
final List<StreamSubscription<dynamic>> subscriptions = [];

@override
void initState() {
  super.initState();

  subscriptions.add(AppManager.onAppLaunched

>       .listen((AppRunningContext event) {
>       // Got a launched app context.

Reviewer: This looks like a memory leak. `AppRunningContext` should be disposed after use.
```suggestion
      .listen((AppRunningContext context) {
      // Handle the object and dispose it.
      ...
      context.dispose();
```

Author: Right. I will fix it
